Quick Extract is a small tool designed to call unpacker programs directly 
from the desktop. Qextract is free software and released under the WTFPL 
version 2. 

Most programs of this type are ttp programs that require the passing of 
parameters from a command line. This program is designed to bypass this step
in a way that a double click from the desktop will pass all the necessary
parameters to that application. That way with a simple interface the user
can very quickly unpack a zip, rar, lzh, lha and zoo file as well as tar
and gzip archives.  

INSTALLATION: The installation is done via the install application option of
the desktop. You copy the program and the arc folder anywhere in your hard
disk (it might work with floppies too haven't tested nor do I plan too,
buy a hard disk). Let's say you copy it in C:\TOOLS\QEXTRACT. You select
QEXTRACT.PRG and you choose "Install application" in the desktop (Set
application in Teradesk). There is an option to assign document type. Select
zip for that and save desktop. Now open Newdesk.inf or desktop.inf with a 
text editor, find the string where this is set and copy it below. Now change
zip to rar, lzh, lha, zoo respectively so that you have 5 lines. Save and 
exit. Reload the desktop and the application is installed. Double clicking
on any archived file will bring an alert with 3 options.

New: This option will create a new folder named as your filename minus the
extension and all files will be extracted there. 

Cur: This will extract the files in the current directory. 

Quit: Pretty obvious. 

Once finished you'll get an operation completed message. However the program
doesn't check if it has been succesful. There should be error messages from
the unarchivers though. 

What else? This program is released under the WTFPL version 2 and I provide
NO WARRANTY whatsoever. See COPYING for more detail.

Bugs and problems: This program uses the Pexec() function and as such it 
has the limitation that you can't really use too large strings. Therefore
if the filename and the extracting folder amount to more than 115 chars it
will fail. There is a workaround for that, but I couldn't figure it out. It's
on the todo list though. 

-Zoo files are also a bitch. Since the zoo command line is beyond my 
cognitive abilities zoo, files will be extracted at the current directory
only. If someone wants to help please do so. 

GZ files are always extracted in the current folder. TAR files on the 
other hand can be extracted to either the current folder or a new one but
since tar files might make absolute references user discretion is required.
tar.gz files are handled in one go since version 0.4. 

BZ2 files are supported since version 0.5. The shortened version tbz isn't and 
unless there is demand it won't be. Basically you need to copy the tgz code
and change it just a bit.Everything else is like tar.gz.

CHMOD issues. If you install this program on a mint partition you might need
to change the program flags on all programs. 

Other notes. For version 0.5 some nasty bugs have been fixed which surprisinly
noone noticed. It makes sense because these are not issues you normally encounter
or when you do you don't notice but still...  

Credits:
Code and idea: ChrisTOS (or ChrisMiNT if I am on the falcon)
unrar.ttp compiled by GGN
Tester group: GGN, SHW, PeP, Beetle, Lonny Purcell
Coding tips and bug tracking: Lonny Purcell, GGN
This program was coded with GBE: 
http://www.bright.net/~gfabasic/html/gbe.htm
